(Episode 21)
Ji Soo.
You witch.
Why...
did you hit me?
Because even you deceived me.
You knew everything.
You knew it wasn't you.
You knew Mom and Dad sent you instead of me.
Is that...
why you hit me?
We were twins.
I told you everything, but you didn't.
Not even you...
accepted me as your family.
Don't get me wrong.
I didn't know either when I first got there.
Do you think I'm that foolish?
You should've told me as soon as you found out.
Why would you stay there until now?
Did you like it there that much?
You kicked me out when I visited you at work.
You said you were sorry.
Did you like money that much?
Mom, Dad, and even you...
liked money more than you all liked me.
Why are you so quiet?
Why are you staring at me like that?
Say something.
You are...
so selfish.
What?
You only think about yourself...
at the most crucial moments.
You only think in your shoes.
Just like when you told me not to go.
What do you mean?
Have you ever considered why I did all that?
Have you ever thought in my shoes?
When I first said that I'll go to that house,
you only cared about how you feel but not me.
Even now, you won't listen to me.
Why would I put myself in your shoes?
You already deceived me.
You didn't tell me the truth when you found out.
You continued to keep it a secret.
You couldn't even trust me.
But you're calling me selfish?
How could you say that to me?
When Dad's business went under,
we lived in Busan for 10 months.
Then we had to move...
to Masan for his new job there.
My homeroom teacher got me a scholarship,
so I was going to stay in Busan...
and live at the dorm until I went to college.
At that time, you...
You were scared of going to the new school alone...
and didn't eat for a week.
So I gave up my scholarship in the end...
and followed you to that small studio in Masan.
Why are you bringing that up now?
Are you trying to call it even because...
you suffered from my stubbornness?
It was your decision.
You could've stayed in Busan.
I just couldn't eat because I was too upset...
to stay apart from you.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
What's this now?
Do you...
Do you think this isn't fair for you?
No.
How could I think that?
My parents picked you up, raised you,
and changed your life.
"My parents"?
Fine.
Your mom sent you instead of me...
and received a restaurant in exchange.
And you stayed there when you knew the truth!
What?
Those are your parents indeed.
They care about money more than me.
Mother called for me, so I'm here.
My name is Choi Eun Seok.
She certainly does belong to our family.
I'm glad to have you back, my dear niece.
What should I do?
Someone sent me an anonymous letter.
(To Vice Chairman Choi Jae Sung)
Those imbeciles.
Among this month's proposals,
I like the idea of also selling products...
such as candles, hand cream, and face packs,
which female customers would like.
Proceed with the proposal.
Well, about that...
That proposal has been submitted by Ms. Seo.
Is that so?
Since she submitted before her resignation...
as an employee of this company,
it won't be a problem for us to proceed.
But I'd like to inform you about this just in case.
Is there a way to bring her back?
No.
She had a pressing matter regarding her family.
She told me that she had no choice but to resign.
What is it about?
Since we are discussing about Ms. Seo,
I should inform you about Ms. Yoon Ha Jung.
We've decided not to report her to the police.
The legal team is going to handle this matter.
She will pay for the damage,
and she'll be relieved of her position.
She's not that bad.
But by the way,
isn't Ms. Seo irresponsible?
She didn't even train a new employee. Gosh.
You said she completed all given tasks.
Didn't you personally tell me...
that she handed over the files to you?
How is that irresponsible?
You're right.
Please excuse me.
This is Choi Do Kyung.
Vice President Choi,
Ms. Seo's mother, Ms. Yang Mi Jung, is here.
Sorry?
She's been kneeling down ever since she came.
I thought I should let you know.
I'll go on living my life like I did before.
So...
don't expect anything else from me.
What can I do for you?
I'll see that...
your parents don't...
end up being sued.
If I tell them about it,
maybe they might trample on my parents a bit less.
You also know...
what Mother and Father will do to my parents.
(A pleasant trip starts at the bus terminal.)
Please get up.
It's all right. Please get up.
I shouldn't.
General Manager Min, call a taxi...
and help her up, please.
No, I can't.
I must see Ms. No before I leave.
I need her permission.
You can do as Vice President Choi says.
Please.
Vice President Choi will take care of it.
You can go home without any worries.
Go on.
- Drive safely. - Okay.
I'm going back to my office.
Have a good day.
Ji An was under a lot of pressure.
She was in charge of a huge project at work.
She wanted to confess after it succeeded...
to earn forgiveness for her parents.
That's what she wanted,
but I guess it didn't work out.
You should have told me once you found out.
Honey.
Tae Soo.
Ji An...
Ms. No is going to take it out on Ji An.
What... What do you mean?
Ms. No of Haesung Corporation...
is going to make sure Ji An doesn't get a job.
Not even as a contract worker.
She's going to punish me...
by trampling on Ji An's life.
What should I do?
What should I do with our poor Ji An?
I must have lost my mind.
I should have listened to you.
What.. What are you saying?
You're not making any sense.
She doesn't want you to quit the restaurant?
What does she mean by that?
Are you sure that's what you heard?
What... What about Soo A?
How do they know about Soo A?
They already knew. They knew about her.
She told me that if I quit the restaurant,
she's going to make sure that...
Ji Tae, Soo A, and Ji Ho lose their jobs.
That's what she told me.
She was terrifying.
She spoke sharply and clearly...
to avoid any misunderstandings.
That's how she spoke.
What on earth...
But it was our fault.
I'm sorry, Tae Soo.
If only we lived better like the old days,
I wouldn't have Ji Soo sent away.
The DNA test?
They couldn't have been able to force it.
She could've died.
She could've died there.
You're still making excuses?
Stop it now.
No matter how much you loved her,
she's not ours.
Our feelings don't matter at all now.
We have to think about how to fix this mess.
What do we do?
We have to turn ourselves in.
But first, we need to apologize.
Are you the man who tried to sell his daughter?
Bring my daughter to me.
I don't want her to stay here any longer.
Eun Seok.
Eun Seok!
Why was I so reckless? I should've been careful.
Ji Soo works at a bakery in Yeonnam-dong.
Sir, Mr. Seo Tae Soo is asking to see you.
Seo Tae Soo?
Should I tell him to leave?
Bring him up.
I was going to send you away,
but I was afraid you were going to make a commotion,
and I wanted to talk about my daughter.
Thank you, sir.
I know why you're here, so hold your tongue.
I will talk.
I am sorry.
I am sorry for what we did to Ji Soo.
Ji Soo?
Ji Soo is still Ji Soo.
So I'd like to apologize to you as her father,
not as the vice chairman of Haesung Corporation.
You said regretting what we did...
or apologizing for what we did is no good.
But I feel ashamed to turn myself in...
without a proper apology.
That's why I came here.
Turn yourself in?
The day you came to our house,
Ji An sent me a message.
She said she was going to confess the truth,
and she told us to turn ourselves in.
Sir, please hear me out.
I told my parents to turn themselves in tomorrow.
I wasn't trying to fool you forever.
Until when were you planning to fool us?
I was going to bring her...
when I become successful with my business.
Business?
Successful?
Only if my phone didn't die...
Only if I didn't miss the bus...
I lost my last chance...
to stop Ji An from going.
But I couldn't go there the next day...
and take Ji An back.
She chose to go there.
And she was already part of your family.
I couldn't dare...
to tell her that it wasn't her.
Life must've been so tough for her...
to abandon her parents whom she lived with...
for 28 years in a matter of a few days.
I was more worried about Ji An...
than about deceiving you and your wife.
I wanted to do everything to get back on my feet...
so that when Ji An finally comes back,
she would feel less miserable.
You weren't intending to fool us forever?
Did you come here to give that excuse?
No. That's not it.
I wanted to tell you why everything happened...
before I get punished. I had to do it.
You're just scared of my wife's warning.
Yes.
I am scared.
As per the restaurant,
my wife will work there forever without any pay...
if you tell her to do so.
No. If you tell us both to go to prison, we will.
We will do everything you tell us to do.
Can you just...
punish us and...
forgive Ji An?
Ms. Yang Mi Jung is here kneeling down.
You're here to apologize, so just apologize.
You're not in a position to ask for a favor.
Ji An...
hasn't come home yet.
She didn't go home?
How could she manage to look at us?
So when Ji An comes back,
we will apologize to her...
and turn ourselves in.
I've come to ask for your permission.
After I take my daughter,
we will talk about how we will punish you.
Ji Soo...
If you're sorry to us, make her come to us.
She must've been hurt too.
I will pick her up this weekend.
Just because I understand what you said...
doesn't mean your actions are justified or forgiven.
Yes.
I am aware of it.
You may go.
There's one more thing I want to tell you.
25 years ago,
we started raising Ji Soo without reporting it.
That was a very wrong thing to do.
But if we had the slightest doubt...
that she was someone's lost child,
no matter how much my wife begged,
I wouldn't have taken her home.
What do you mean?
Where we found Ji Soo...
was a deserted area without any residents.
There were only a few abandoned houses...
and my parents' graves, which you had to...
go through the thick vines to get to.
It was a desolate place.
A desolate place?
I thought...
her parents didn't care if she died...
and abandoned her.
Where is that?
Where did you find Eun Seok?
What brings you here, ma'am?
Write down what I say.
Gangwon Province.
Cheolwon-gun.
The Civilian Control Line.
Give it to me.
What is this for, ma'am?
I let you live...
because you helped us to find our daughter.
We locked ourselves up here like you told us.
We've been good.
You have to be good...
if you want to live.
By the way,
when will we get the rest of the money?
Can you tell us that?
When the time comes.
Get more people and watch them for 24 hours.
We will do that, ma'am.
She's giving them an order.
I am so scared.
Good thing we didn't tell the truth that time.
Yes. You surely think fast.
Yes.
After we abandoned Eun Seok,
we lied that we watched until someone took her.
Had we not lied, we would not have gotten paid.
There was a big rain storm that night.
If Tae Soo didn't take her,
she would've died there.
Stop saying such unlucky things!
You never know who might hear it.
Hello. You're here.
Hello.
I came here because she's out of reach.
And she's not here either.
She's not coming today.
She's not coming?
What did he say?
He wants to take Ji Soo first.
Oh, no.
I...
I can't say anything to Ji Soo.
I will talk to her.
Before she leaves,
we need to make her feel better.
When she's upset,
she doesn't listen to anyone, you know.
What if...
she leaves while misunderstanding us?
Where and what on earth is Ji An doing?
Why isn't she home yet?
Miss...
Did you send Mi Jung home?
Apparently, it was Do Kyung.
Do Kyung did?
Let's talk.
Turn themselves in?
He came to me and told me.
When Ji An returns,
he's going to apologize to her and turn himself in.
When Ji An returns?
What does that mean?
She didn't go home.
But she left yesterday. How could she not go home?
Where is she now then?
It's nothing we should care about, is it?
You're right.
Habit is a scary thing.
So what did you say?
You didn't tell them to turn themselves in, right?
You can't let them go to the police station.
Reporters will crowd around them like bees.
Her name is Seo Ji Soo, right?
I said we would decide what to do with them...
after we bring her home.
That's good.
What will we do now?
Your father, sister, Mr. Jung,
New World Group,
and even Ms. Hong and Ms. Jin.
I can't tell them that Ji An is not Eun Seok.
I can't tell my father or my sister.
I can't tell Mr. Jang or New World Group either.
It will ruin Do Kyung and Seo Hyun's marriage too.
I am thinking...
about how to solve this problem.
But first,
shouldn't we find out who sent me the letter?
I think it's that woman, Jo Soon Ok.
It's not her.
I made sure she doesn't say a word.
But shouldn't we still find out where she is?
I am looking for her.
And we don't need to worry about the letter.
We don't need to worry about the letter?
They're not asking for money yet.
Someone will soon call and ask for money.
We can catch the person then,
and when we do, we will know who it is.
We'll see if it's an outsider...
or an insider.
Do Kyung is home.
I'm home.
Who do you think you are?
How dare you let Mi Jung go?
Why would you step in?
Was covering up for that girl not enough?
How can you cover up for her mother too?
She was once my little sister.
To you, she was once your daughter.
But we were fooled.
We were,
but I once loved her as my little sister.
Didn't you, Mother, Father?
The person who was once a sister to you...
and a daughter to us was Ji An.
We can't forgive her parents.
Like I said,
I insisted her to delay confessing it to you.
And I promised Ji An that I'd make sure...
her parents don't go to jail.
You promised her?
Who are you to make such a promise?
You acted on our behalf without permission.
Are you mistaken about your position?
I met Ji Soo,
my real little sister.
Did you really meet her?
I did.
She was brought up with love.
She was very grateful to Ji An too.
So?
Are you suggesting we forgive them?
To Ji Soo, Tae Soo and Mi Jung...
were really her parents.
If she finds out what you did to her mother,
she wouldn't want to come here, would she?
Will she be happy...
if you send them to jail?
You might...
lose your actual daughter.
But they sent their daughter here...
instead of our daughter.
Ji Soo was a very compassionate person.
She would resent them, but she will still love them.
To welcome her as your daughter,
you have to make sure she gets hurt less.
You have a lot to learn.
You don't see the big picture.
I will meet Ji Soo...
and prepare her well.
No. I will meet her.
You said she works at a bakery, right?
Where is that place?
You're going to meet her in public?
Shouldn't we come up...
with a plan before we meet her?
You are going to make the plan anyway.
It's not like paparazzi come after me.
I will go and talk to her alone.
How about you, Mother?
Don't you want to see Ji Soo, Mother?
You're no doubt my daughter.
I can't forgive Mi Jung.
But first, what we should do about Seo Hyun?
She would be shocked too.
Let's tell Seo Hyun about it...
when we get it all figured out.
She thinks Eun Seok...
I mean, she thinks that girl...
is staying at the office.
(Eun Seok from Haesung goes missing.)
- Welcome. - Take a look around.
This, this, this, this,
and this.
I wear size six.
- Size six. - Yes.
5 pairs are enough to...
borrow him for 30 minutes, aren't they?
Yes. Of course they are.
- Please. - Go.
You're really here.
You told me to come here to talk to you.
Hey. Hey.
Come on.
I'll be back. How can you sell me?
You can take more time.
What is it?
Why are you taking me to a corner?
You said you work here...
and at the club to earn money, right?
I'll pay you if you help me.
You're going to pay me if I help you?
I am a little scared,
but I have no one to talk to about it.
What is it?
It's just too strange.
Why? Did your bodyguard ask for money?
How did you know that?
Did he really ask for money?
He's unbelievable.
By any chance,
did you do it with him?
I told you to watch out for him.
What do you mean by that?
Are you asking if we played together?
My goodness.
You don't know anything, do you?
Hey, don't insult me.
That day,
I saw you two kissing.
Thanks to you, our lips didn't meet.
So nothing happened. Why is he asking for money?
It's not him. It's his wife.
Wife?
There was a rumor that he's married.
So he was already married.
He's got a child too.
Oh, my gosh.
I can't let this get out.
My mother, father, and brother can't find out.
But you're my sister's little brother.
And I like your sister a little more now.
That's why I came to you.
You are the only one...
who can help me.
How much is she asking?
700,000 dollars.
700,000 dollars?
I saw Ryu smiling...
through the mirror.
That's strange, isn't it?
I was in pain. Why would he smile?
He was telling me that he loves me.
My goodness. You're in big trouble.
What do you mean?
How much will you pay me?
How much do you want?
My goodness.
Hey. This is why you are being blackmailed.
You asked how much I will pay you,
so I asked how much you want me to pay you.
I want 50,000 dollars.
Five thousand?
Okay.
I want 100,000 dollars.
Gosh, is this how rich people raise their child?
That's why they're so spoiled.
Stop being ridiculous. So how much do you want?
I'm supposed to get 10 percent commission,
but I'll ask for less as you're Ji An's sister.
So I want 30,000 dollars ignoring fractions.
And I'll give you another 30 percent discount,
so I want 20,000 dollars ignoring fractions.
Really?
Are you sure you will help me with this?
You promised me.
Happy now?
All right. Whatever.
Why did you buy so many shoes?
These are not even designer shoes.
Just get in the car.
Don't look back and just listen to me.
Yes.
You know what?
You shouldn't drive until I scrape 700,000 dollars.
Why?
I'm afraid of your wife.
I told you. I'm 200,000 dollars short.
But what if she takes pictures of us again?
Then why don't we give her 500,000 dollars first?
Don't be ridiculous.
You shouldn't sign an agreement...
unless you're completely prepared.
Okay.
Ji Tae.
Aren't your eyes sore?
This is really fun.
Let's go home.
I'll finish this book first.
I want to go home and get some rest.
Let's go home.
It's our sweet home.
Our sweet marital home.
We should go to work tomorrow. Let's go.
Isn't Ji An home yet?
Ji Soo.
She's not home yet.
Really?
I met her earlier today.
Did you meet Ji An?
Did Ji An call you? When? Where?
A few hours ago.
So you let her leave just like that?
Why would you let your sister leave?
You know Ji An.
All right. I understand you are upset.
But you should at least bring her home.
My sister? Who's my sister?
Ji Soo. The whole thing isn't Ji An's fault.
You should be furious with me.
It's my fault and your mom's.
What did you talk about with Ji An? Where is she?
She's a grown-up. She'd not stay on the streets.
It was just one night. It's been only a day.
It's not that the sky is falling.
It might be more than a day.
Put yourself in Ji An's shoes.
Think about what she's been through.
She must be miserable and devastated.
What about me?
Do you think I'm not miserable?
Do you think I'm not devastated at all?
But you're still with us.
I'm afraid if Ji An might make a wrong choice.
What if she never comes home?
No.
That's not happening. Don't worry about it.
She looked quite spiteful to me.
You think Ji An didn't do anything wrong to me?
To me, she made a very big mistake.
What did you talk about with Ji An?
Where is Ji An now? She told you that, right?
No. I don't know where she is.
I didn't even ask.
What?
Ji Soo, how could you do that to your sister?
It's so heartless of you to let her go like that.
She's not my sister. Stop saying she's my sister.
She's just your daughter. That's why you sent her.
You wanted her to live in affluence.
Ji Soo, we need to talk.
I don't want to.
Ji Soo.
I need to talk to you.
Don't come in.
I'm sorry. It's my fault.
I'm so sorry.
Please let me tell you why I did that.
You'd hurt less that way.
Okay?
It's not that I sent Ji An because she's my daughter.
I never thought you weren't my daughter.
I...
never thought...
you're someone else's daughter.
You should know that, Ji Soo.
I just...
liked you better.
At the police station,
I saw Ji An...
and followed her for an hour.
The whole time,
she staggered along...
and flopped down...
crying.
You know...
what Ji An...
has had to put up with her entire life.
You're home.
I'm sorry we're late.
What's wrong with her?
It's nothing. Never mind.
I don't know what to say. You shouldn't know that.
Just pretend that you don't know anything.
I'm sorry.
Go wash up.
The number you have dialed is not in service.
Ji An. It's me, Ji Tae.
Are you doing all right?
I understand how you feel.
Just take your time and come back home.
Soo A.
Yes, Father.
Well...
I want you to move out.
Move out?
I didn't see this coming.
I'm so sorry and ashamed.
This is 10,000 dollars. Get a room with it.
You can't enjoy...
your newly-married life like this.
Did Ji An call you yet?
Where's Ji Soo?
She hasn't come down yet.
She must be sleeping in.
Ji Soo gets indigestion when she's angry.
I'll go and get her.
When she moves in with them,
they'll make her quit the bakery.
Even if that's the case,
we should let her wrap it up.
Ji Soo.
I'm here.
What apprentice comes so late?
I got here...
30 minutes earlier than you told me to.
We had to come a day early in my days.
Wash your hands and get changed.
We're releasing the castella bread...
and will be really busy.
Okay.
To that, add 50g of milk.
30g of whipped cream.
Measure everything accurately...
and put everything in here with the flour.
Okay.
How could you?
What happened?
I saved your life,
and you didn't thank me.
You even ignored me just now.
That's just wrong.
Sorry. I was deep in thought.
I'm really sorry about what happened.
I'll make it up to you one day.
You don't need to.
You should thank me though.
Thank you so much.
Your eyes are red.
Are you still sick?
No, I'm fine now.
You don't seem to be in the mood to talk.
I'll deliver these for you.
What?
Thank you.
Cheer up. Bye.
A stranger told me to cheer up.
Sunwoo Hee.
How dare you call me that?
Who said you could?
I'm just lost for words.
You're married.
Are you that bored?
You're a complete scumbag.
I'm not really a scumbag.
Don't talk like you aren't.
Did you know I owned a cafe?
Yes.
Did you act like we met by chance?
You came to the cafe on purpose?
Yes.
You ate the bread you'd made and asked...
what flour you used.
That was trash.
That wasn't really trash.
You deceived and mocked me.
A married man doing that...
to a married woman.
Isn't that trash?
If a married man deceived and mocked...
a married woman, he'd be trash.
That's the kind of person others call a scumbag.
A scum...
I'm not a scumbag.
Hee.
Hey.
Why do you look like you're about to cry?
Are you crying?
Why? Is something wrong?
No.
The tears are falling for no reason.
I must be getting old.
What's that?
I met the bakery girl...
and took them from her.
- Here you go. - Thank you.
Five dollars, please.
Do you have any castella bread?
Sorry, we're sold out.
Already?
You opened just an hour ago.
Sir, can't you make more?
I don't want to.
- Bye. - Next.
Mr. Baker.
You said you don't like money.
Are you pleased the new release...
is selling well?
You're shameless too.
You aren't worth my time.
Don't ever show that...
you know me again.
Don't come to my cafe.
Or send your bread.
Sunwoo Hee.
She's back to...
being herself.
Hey.
The cafe owner.
Don't you love how feisty she is?
She even knew your name.
What's your relationship?
We're just acquaintances.
If you're just acquaintances,
why did you hide,
and why was she angry?
I don't know. Get back to work.
I bet she's married.
How do you know that?
Would someone that pretty still be single?
Go and eat some lunch.
(Dad)
You didn't eat breakfast.
Aren't you hungry?
How did you find this place?
This place is known in Yeonnam-dong...
for its great pasta.
You like pasta.
You can't even eat right now.
Say what you have to say.
I'll listen as I eat.
We sent Ji An because...
I don't want to hear that.
It's not because we didn't love you.
Remember that.
If you came here to say that, I'll go.
No, I have something else to say.
Your real parents...
want us to send you.
They want you.
Of course they would. That's only natural.
Because of us and Ji An,
they almost lost you once again.
They must want you back so much.
If Mom hadn't lied,
if she had said I was their daughter,
would you say what you're saying now?
Would you say I must go?
I would have.
They're your real parents.
Then you're a fake.
No, that's not what I mean.
Ji Soo, I still have more to say.
Whether I go or stay,
that's up to me.
Don't tell me what to do.
Ji Soo.
The phone is turned off.
She must be busy. Why is her phone off?
Hello, I'm the guy who brought the pillars.
Ji An's friend, right?
Yes. I don't see her anywhere.
She quit.
What? She quit?
Yes. The sea!
Come here. Come to me.
Oh dear.
I'm back.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Did you have lunch?
- Let's go outside. Now. - But...
Your...
bread...
You can't just show up here.
I wanted to look around and buy some bread.
Why are you here? I'm busy.
Sorry.
It wouldn't have happened if I'd checked properly.
Were you surprised?
You feel apologetic,
and you barged into my house like that?
Right.
I'm sorry you had to...
find out the way you did.
I'd lost reason. I was very angry.
I was rash.
You barged into my home and then my workplace.
You get rash very often.
You're right, I did it again.
I keep having to apologize.
If you feel bad, leave me alone.
I know you're upset,
but we must right the wrong.
Says who?
You messed up, so you get to right everything?
This wouldn't have happened...
if you hadn't lost me in the first place.
We didn't lose you on purpose.
I bet my parents didn't keep me...
knowing you hadn't abandoned me.
Instead of you, they...
I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear...
any excuses from either family.
Don't tell me what to do.
You people are just as responsible.
I will deal with it.
Goodbye.
Will you forgive me this once?
Please?
Please, sis.
As if.
Play.
Here it goes.
Seo Ji Tae, Ji An, Ji Soo, Ji Ho.
- Come and eat. - We're coming.
Carry me.
- Okay. - Come on.
Ready?
- Hurry up. - Run.
Run, run, run, Ji Soo
You'll hurt yourselves.
You okay?
- That was deliberate. - Watch it.
Neener.
Catch me if you can.
I will kill you.
- Come back here! - Neener.
I'll kill you when I get my hands on you.
I'm coming for you!
(Power on)
(Contact list)
(Texts)
She could've called if she got home safely.
(Seo Ji An)
(Formatting device)
The phone is turned off.
Please leave a message after the beep.
Why send the photos then turn it off?
Can't she text if she got the voice mail?
She's really hard-headed.
Do you remember any of her friends from Masan?
She studied all the time she was there.
She had no friends.
Ji Soo.
I'll go to my real parents.
This isn't my home anymore.
- Ji Soo. - Ji Soo.
- This is too... - Goodbye.
- Ji Soo. - Don't follow me out.
No one has the right to see me off.
Don't you dare come outside.
Don't call them either.
Ji Soo.
- Ji Soo. - Ji Soo. Wait, Ji Soo.
- Ji Soo, Ji Soo. - Wait.
Let's go.
Ji Soo. Wait, Ji Soo.
- Ji Soo, stop the car. - Wait.
- Ji Soo. - Ji Soo. Hey!
Ji Soo. Ji Soo.
Who is it at this hour?
Ms. No. Mr. Choi.
Who's bothering us?
Actually...
It's the real Eun Seok.
Who?
Eun Seok?
What's going on?
I don't know.
She didn't say anything when I met her.
Why didn't they inform us?
She's here.
Hello.
How...
Is this my home?
I heard I'm your daughter,
so I decided to move in.
Do I use Ji An's room?
Is it up there?
I'm sorry, Mom.
I'm sorry, Dad.
I'm sorry, Ji Soo.
I'm sorry, Ji Tae.
I'm sorry, Ji Ho.
I'm sorry, Hyuk.
Mother.
Father.
I'm sorry.
Do Kyung.
I...
can't forgive myself.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
(My Golden Life)
It's been four days.
It's dangerous because she's in shock.
Ji An is not the person to stay out of touch.
You should read books instead of watching TV.
I don't like books.
Are you getting mad at us?
Your parents lost me.
It was an accident.
You call that an accident?
Why would you worry about Ji An?
She's not even your sister.
Where are you, Seo Ji An?
Tell me if you've talked to Ji An,
- or if you met her. - Who are you?
Is that a yes or a no?
I don't know.
Sunwoo Hyuk.